Good day, everyone. Today we are in Kıcılı village, Alaca district, Çorum province. With us we have Zengübre dealer Mr. Bayram Koçak and our farmer Mr. Can, and together we came for a field check.
Here we examined the colour and plant-height differences between the parcel that received Zengübre and the one that did not. We are here to hear that our farmer is satisfied.
Please, Mr. Can, go ahead. First of all, thank you.
Welcome. Pleased to be here.
We sowed our own parcel at exactly the same day and hour as the neighbour. We carried out the planting together.
While the neighbouring parcel used standard chemical fertilisers, we used 25 kg of 9-1-1 NPK organo-mineral fertiliser on our parcel.
Both at emergence and at the current growth stage, I am very pleased with the colour tone and development. I want fellow growers who consider Zen fertiliser to drop their prejudices against organo-mineral products, don't hesitate. I used it myself.
I have about 500–550 decares of wheat sown this year. On the advice of Mr. Bayram we used Zen fertiliser on every decare. All parcels are perfectly uniform.
In fact, to make the comparison visible, we kept one parcel on classic chemical fertiliser, arguably the best on the market, while the rest received Zen. You can comfortably compare Zen with the highest-quality chemical product available.
You can set your mind completely at ease.
Thank you. You're welcome. Whether on our own land or on our farmers' fields, we are confident in the organo-mineral results, we already see the outcome while it is still hidden in the soil. Thank you to you and to Zen fertiliser.